OK.
So let's go into the app component DML and change this line a little bit.
So this part is the one that is fairly similar to property binding.
Let's go ahead and just write up the code didn't really want to copy it.
It's rather short anyway.
Counts.
And we shall see.
Equal to
counts.
And I'm not going to add the rest because we're going to add the rest in the follow up.
But for the time being I wanted to explain this part here as this is going to be vital for us.
So this here accounts that you see in brackets is something like a property of a child component so
called component is the account list which we have created and underline account is the private variable
from the app component which is the parent component.
And we're going to bind basically underscore accounts to accounts here the lot so whenever accounts
is changed.
Basically change will be when underline accounts.
Here is change when any sort of change is enacted here.
This change will be reflected here.
The logic of this goes the logic of this passing because we need this for the passing of accounts.
The logic of it goes from left to right.
That is it always goes from parent to child component.
So this part is the child component and this part belongs to the parent component anyway.
That's all we need to really do here.
Later on we will come back and we will add some additional things here.
But for the time being we are going to go into the accounts a list component and now we're going to
use the accounts from here.
So let's go to the counselors component and let this and the fact that this is read is perfectly fine
actually we can go ahead and delete this.
No need for that
and I haven't asked for parentheses.
I think we do.
I think I don't need this for the
and we're not going to need this either so we can just go ahead and delete it.
That's fine.
And this line can go away too as we don't really need it any more that's just redone the fact that this
is still read is perfectly fine.
Soon it will disappear.
We'll make it go away.
We need to also do an additional inclusion up here.
So where it has a component we need to come out to a coma and then input we will do additional inclusions
here.
But for the time being we'll just need input.
So we need to include input in order to be able to utilize the input decorator now her input decorator
will go something like this.
So we will need an ad sign for the decorator and then type in empowered and we're going to open parentheses
plaister quotation marks and we will use accounts from the DML file.
UPS so we will use this exact same name.
So you can even copy it just press control-C and then go back here and control V to put paste it in
here and then we're going to do an underscore type counts.
Colon re count.
So we're just going to recreate something that we had for anyway.
So input and input is a decorator decorator's add additional characteristics to a variable.
So you have this decorator which that which adds visual characteristics to this variable which is of
type array whose elements are of type account.
Basically accounts here in the decorator is the name of the property which parent component uses to
pass the data to the child component.
So you have a property here accounts which the parent component is utilizing for the pass through of
data.
The decorator at input it basically marks the private variable underscore account as an input variable.
So this is now marked as an input variable which means that it is enabled for passing data to it.
It will accept the pass that data so the data that is passed which will be accepted it is enabled to
do so with this particular decorator at input.
Let's go over this quickly one more time.
I know it's a little bit difficult to understand.
So we go back to the HTL code and we have a process that is very similar to property binding.
Imagine that model is to see that this is the private variable from the parent component which is app
component.
And whatever happens here will be reflected in accounts which belongs to the child component and in
the child component.
Our decorator is taking on the accounts property and therefore any sort of change that is enacted to
the underscore accounts will be reflected here in the accounts property and therefore this input will
be passed to the underscore accounts as simple as that.
So parent Prosit parent component Bass's data or accounts to the child component which is accounts list.
It's just the passing of data happens it goes from one component to the other.
This is into component communications so you pass data from one component to another in order to do
this you require some require a process that is similar to property binding here so that the changes
here would reflect the changes here.
And then when the changes are reflected here the rest of the process can actually take place in the
countless component here which is basically marking the underscore accounts private variable or as a
basically a as an input variable.
Anyway that's it in the follow up tutorial.
We're going to go ahead and meddle meddle around with the output and we will see the results of our
modeling.
So to say I will also strongly encourage you to experiment with this and see when you change things
what happens cause appears to happen and see how you can go about fixing them.
I'm always ready.
I'm always ready to help you out in the discussion section.
In all likelihood it's going to be the discussion section or somewhere else.